I think it's wicked in a way to be a
victim that's fluid power corrupts
absolutely and Robert Moses was
absolutely powerful he wanted to wipe
the slate clean start over say that you
have a cancerous growth cell it has to
be called out I first began looking
skidding planning and have it was
unbelievably awful insane we didn't
understand how high the price was until
Jane Jacobs Kane wall Jane Jacobs has it
in the book that advances with the power
of a bulldozer against autumn city's
planning and rebuilding she is leave
antenna was picking up something here
that no one else is seeing she believed
the city's not about building the city
is about people she was questioning
orthodoxy at the time when women were
not welcomed in those environments she
was a housewife that's how they treated
her try to mess with a bunch of mothers
you were outraged about a road going
through Washington Square and we were
going to say boy you can cook well you
have to bullet through you've got to do
it the expressway will destroy the
neighborhood
I think this awful think they make an
effect it is not right Jane Jacobs was
the most articulate voice of the
movement phase you have to move a lot of
people out of the way a building housing
project went they don't own it what
they're going to do some in the street
except 51 is I'm 17 and everything where
we're just going to end
take the money below what would we have
left people have to insist on government
trying things their way
[Music]